# Attributions
<pre class="gj gk gl gm gn kl km ca"><span id="5c29" class="eh kn ji as ko b et kp kq r kr">├── README.md          &lt;- The top-level README for developers.<br/>├── conf               &lt;- Space for credentials<br/>│<br/>├── data<br/>│   ├── 01_raw         &lt;- Immutable input data<br/>│   ├── 02_intermediate&lt;- Cleaned version of raw<br/>│   ├── 03_processed   &lt;- Data used to develop models<br/>│   ├── 04_models      &lt;- trained models<br/>│   ├── 05_model_output&lt;- model output<br/>│   └── 06_reporting   &lt;- Reports and input to frontend<br/>│<br/>├── docs               &lt;- Space for Sphinx documentation<br/>│<br/>├── notebooks          &lt;- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is<br/>|                         date YYYYMMDD (for ordering),<br/>│                         the creator&#x27;s initials, and a short `-` <br/>|                         delimited description.<br/>│<br/>├── references         &lt;- Data dictionaries, manuals, etc. <br/>│<br/>├── results            &lt;- Final analysis docs.<br/>│<br/>├── requirements.txt   &lt;- The requirements file for reproducing the <br/>|                         analysis environment.<br/>│<br/>├── .gitignore         &lt;- Avoids uploading data, credentials, <br/>|                         outputs, system files etc<br/>│<br/>└── src                &lt;- Source code for use in this project.<br/>    ├── __init__.py    &lt;- Makes src a Python module<br/>    │<br/>    ├── d00_utils      &lt;- Functions used across the project<br/>    │   └── remove_accents.py<br/>    │<br/>    ├── d01_data       &lt;- Scripts to reading and writing data etc<br/>    │   └── load_data.py<br/>    │<br/>    ├── d02_intermediate&lt;- Scripts to transform data from raw to <br/>    |   |                  intermediate<br/>    │   └── create_int_payment_data.py<br/>    │<br/>    ├── d03_processing &lt;- Scripts to turn intermediate data into <br/>    |   |                 modelling input<br/>    │   └── create_master_table.py<br/>    │<br/>    ├── d04_modelling  &lt;- Scripts to train models and then use <br/>    |   |                  trained models to make predictions. <br/>    │   └── train_model.py<br/>    │<br/>    ├── d05_model_evaluation&lt;- Scripts that analyse model <br/>    |   |                      performance and model selection.<br/>    │   └── calculate_performance_metrics.py<br/>    │    <br/>    ├── d06_reporting  &lt;- Scripts to produce reporting tables<br/>    │   └── create_rpt_payment_summary.py<br/>    │<br/>    └── d07_visualisation&lt;- Scripts to create frequently used plots<br/>        └── visualise_patient_journey.py</span></pre>
Source: https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-structure-a-python-based-data-science-project-a-short-tutorial-for-beginners-7e00bff14f56
